# Library Project (Form Validation Update)

This is my first project after the Foundations path of The Odin Project, it showcases some more Javascript and DOM manipulation skills. Initially its main purpose was as an introduction to Javascript constructors, but it was eventually updated to use classes instead. The most recent update also added Form Validation with Javascript.

In this project you can add books to your library by clicking the "Add Book" button on the page, which will ask for the book title, author, page count and whether you have read it or not. This book will then be displayed on the page and locally stored in your browser, which means that if you close the page tab or even your computer, the books will stay there. Each book is its own "card", and you can toggle between having read the book or not, as well as remove them if you desire.

This was a relatively simple yet difficult project for me to work on, as I was introduced to some unfamiliar concepts in which I had previously little to no experience. My first commit on this project is already the final product as anything before that wasn't really functional at all. I first worked on the HTML and CSS sections of the project, and then I moved on to the more complex section of the project, starting with the read toggle button and working on internal book IDs, to searching how to make my form submit correctly and store everything locally on the browser, to finishing the remove book function and making sure everything worked as it should in the end.